# 18-1. [Patient Safety Alert] Adverse event, caused by wrong administration of neuromuscular blocker(2019. 10. 15.)


<!-- page 1 -->

|  |
| --- |


|  |
| --- |



<!-- page 2 -->
Precautions
Confusion between a neuromuscular blocker for a surgical patient
Risk factor who needs mechanical ventilation or a patient who needs general
anesthesia and a centrally acting muscle relaxant for muscle relaxation
If neuromuscular blocker is used for a purpose other than for a surgical
Hazard type patient who needs mechanical ventilation or a patient who needs general
anesthesia, the respiratory muscle will be paralyzed.
Target audience Health and medical institutions that prescribe or inject muscle relaxants
Recommendations for Preventing Adverse Event Recurrence
Route of administration of muscle relaxant
-Centrally acting muscle relaxant: For muscle relaxation when muscle spasm or strain
→ Oral medication for the first prescription
-Neuromuscular blocker: For an operation that needs mechanical ventilation or
general anesthesia → Intravenous injection
Use of neuromuscular blocker
It is recommended to use a patient monitoring systemfor continuous monitoring and
essentially supply oxygen to the patient
Preventative Action Cases
▶ Domestic
C a m p a i g n As it was customary to call a “neuromuscular blocker,” used for general
anesthesia, a “muscle relaxant,” they were sometimes confused with a centrally acting
muscle relaxant, used for muscle relaxation, causing serious harm to the patient.
Thus, [The Korean Society of Anesthesiologists] decided to call a muscle relaxant,
used for general anesthesia, a “neuromuscular blocker.”
Please refer to general anesthesia
as neuromuscular blocker,
not muscle relaxant.
Neuromuscular blocker
Muscle relaxant
☞ Extracted from the News Vol. 100 of the Korean Society of Anesthesiologists
If the above material is quoted in a report, please, indic ate the source.
2/4

|  |
| --- |



<!-- page 3 -->
Dedicated storage box Storage box only for neuromuscular blockers,
and a sticker indicating this medicine may cause respiratory paralysis.
Computational control system An alarm of a medicine with special caution
is generated when a medical personnel prescribes a neuromuscular blocker.
Select Prescription Number Volume Unit Day Method
˜
Rocuronium(50mg) 1vial 50 mg 1 IV
★Medicine with special caution (neuromuscular blocker)★
Neuromuscular blocker
It needs a patient monitoring system
and the supply of oxygen.
Do you want to prescribe this drug?
Yes No
(Default: No)
▶ Overseas
Health and medical institutions They warn it is a drug causing respiratory
paralysis using a shrink film, vialing, or sticker.
☞ Extracted from the Health Care Logistics
(https://shop.gohcl.com/products/HCL/ERROR%20PREVENTION%203/SHRINK%20BANDS%20AND%20VIAL%20RINGS.aspx)
If the above material is quoted in a report, please , indicate the source.
3/4

| No |  |
| --- | --- |



<!-- page 4 -->
☞ Extracted from theGraudins, L. V., Downey, G., Bui, T., & Dooley, M. J. (2016). Recommendations and low-technology safety solutions
following neuromuscular blocking agent incidents. Jt Comm J Qual Patient Saf, 42(2), 86–91.
Drug companies A statement of a paralyzing drug is added when producing
neuromuscular blockers.
- ①Health Canada ② Therapeutic Goods Administration
It is recommended to add a white warning To minimize the selection errors of similar
statement to the red aluminum and plastic drugs, the government is introducing
cap on the upper section of a vial. mandatory warning statements for labels
(Paralyzing Agent, or of neuromuscular blockers.
Warning: Paralyzing Agent)
☞ Extracted from the ISMP ☞Extracted from the TGA
(https://www.ismp-canada.org/news/item/56/) (https://www.tga.gov.au/new-warnings-labels-
medicines-containing-neuromuscular-blocking-agents)
Report and Be Safe with KOrea Patient Safety reporting & learning system (KOPS)
※Please report adverse events arising from the prescription errors of neuromuscular blockers by medical institutions.
※ KOPS continuously monitors cases of similar adverse events reported and may give related information
on the cases in the future.
※Please voluntarily register the check points of your medi cal i nstitution about cautions for patient safety in the
KOPS website (www.kops.or.kr) b.y January 14, 2020.
If the above material is quoted in a report, please , indicate the source.
44//44

| ☞ Extracted from theGraudins, L. V., Downey, G., Bui, T., & Dooley, M. J. (2016). Recommendations and low-technology safety solutions
following neuromuscular blocking agent incidents. Jt Comm J Qual Patient Saf, 42(2), 86–91.
Drug companies A statement of a paralyzing drug is added when producing
neuromuscular blockers.
①Health Canada ② Therapeutic Goods Administration
It is recommended to add a white warning To minimize the selection errors of similar
statement to the red aluminum and plastic drugs, the government is introducing
cap on the upper section of a vial. mandatory warning statements for labels
(Paralyzing Agent, or of neuromuscular blockers.
Warning: Paralyzing Agent)
☞ Extracted from the ISMP ☞Extracted from the TGA
(https://www.ismp-canada.org/news/item/56/) (https://www.tga.gov.au/new-warnings-labels-
medicines-containing-neuromuscular-blocking-agents)
Report and Be Safe with KOrea Patient Safety reporting & learning system (KOPS) |  |  |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ※Please report adverse events arising from the prescription errors of neuromuscular blockers by medical institutions. ※ KOPS continuously monitors cases of similar adverse events reported and may give related information on the cases in the future. ※Please voluntarily register the check points of your medi cal i nstitution about cautions for patient safety in the KOPS website (www.kops.or.kr) b.y January 14, 2020. |  |  |
| If the above material is quoted in a report, please , indicate the source. 44//44 |  |  |
|  |  | 44//44 |
